[Images] Flexible variants (#4196)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/resize-images.md

| Crop        | Image will be shrunk and cropped to fit within the area specified by width and height. The image will not be enlarged. For images smaller than the given dimensions it is the same as `scale-down`. For images larger than the given dimensions, it is the same as `cover`. |
| Pad         | Image will be resized (shrunk or enlarged) to be as large as possible within the given width or height while preserving the aspect ratio, and the extra area will be filled with a background color (white by default). |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> 

Reviewer: You can create variants via API call like:
```
curl -X POST "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/images/v1/variants" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \     
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     --data '{"id":"name-of-the-variant","options":{"fit":"scale-down","metadata":"none","width":1366,"height":768},"neverRequireSignedURLs":true}
```
Please refer to the full list of [link]

Author: Added below

## Flexible variants

If you need more flexibility when creating variants than the Cloudflare Images dashboard allows, you can use the API to create flexible variants. Flexible variants allow you to create variants with dynamic resizing. This option is not enabled by default, however. To activate flexible variants for your account:

```bash
curl -X PATCH https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/images/v1/config \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    --data '{"flexible_variants": true}'
```

Once done it is possible to use resizing parameters on any Cloudflare Image. For example:

```txt
https://imagedelivery.net/<ACCOUNT_ID>/<IMAGE_ID/w=400,sharpen=3
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ⚠️ Be aware that enabling flexible variants on your account effectively empowers anyone to get their desired versions of your images by changing the variant properties present in their delivery URLs, up to and including untransformed, full-resolution and including metadata if they chose so.

Author: Done

- `gravity` or `g`
  - Cropping with `fit=cover` specifies the most important side or point in the image that should not be cropped off.

  - `gravity=auto`
    - The point will be guessed by looking for areas that stand out the most from image background.

  - `gravity=side` and `gravity=XxY`
    - A side (`"left"`, `"right"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`) or coordinates specified on a scale from 0.0 (top or left) to 1.0 (bottom or right), 0.5 being the center. The X and Y coordinates are separated by lowercase x. For example, 0x1 means left and bottom, 0.5x0.5 is the center, 0.5x0.33 is a point in the top third of the image.

- `sharpen=x`
  - Specifies strength of sharpening filter. The value is a floating-point number between `0` (no sharpening) and `10` (maximum). `1` is a recommended value.

- `blur=x`
  - Blur radius between `1` (slight blur) and `250` (maximum). Be aware that you cannot use this option to reliably obscure image content, because savvy users can modify an image's URL and remove the blur option. Use Workers to control which options can be set.

- `trim`

>     - In the form of `"left"`, `"right"`, `"top"`, `"bottom"`. Specified on a scale from `0;0` (top or left) to `1;0` (bottom or right), `0;5` being the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - 4 numbers in pixels separated by a semicolon; in the form of `top;right;bottom;left`
```

| Crop        | Image will be shrunk and cropped to fit within the area specified by width and height. The image will not be enlarged. For images smaller than the given dimensions it is the same as `scale-down`. For images larger than the given dimensions, it is the same as `cover`. |
| Pad         | Image will be resized (shrunk or enlarged) to be as large as possible within the given width or height while preserving the aspect ratio, and the extra area will be filled with a background color (white by default). |

{{</table-wrap>}}

> ## Named Variants

Reviewer: We can either remove mentioning of named variants and just call them variants or we need to include 1-25 lines under Named variants section.

> Named variants allow you to specify ahead of time which images will need variants. This is defined during the upload. You can create variants with the Images API. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Named variants allow you to specify ahead of time which images will need variants. You can create variants with the Images API. For example:
```
